Update local dev accounts doc (#50129)
dotnet/docs: docs/azure/sdk/authentication/local-development-dev-accounts.md

---

## Authenticate to Azure services from your app

The [Azure Identity library](/dotnet/api/azure.identity?view=azure-dotnet&preserve-view=true) provides *credentials*&mdash;implementations of <xref:Azure.Core.TokenCredential> that support different scenarios and Microsoft Entra authentication flows. The steps ahead demonstrate how to use <xref:Azure.Identity.DefaultAzureCredential> or a specific development tool credential when working with user accounts locally.

### Implement the code

Complete the following steps:

> 1. Install the [Azure.Identity](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.Identity) and the [Microsoft.Extensions.Azure](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Azure) packages in your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add references to the [Azure.Identity](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Azure.Identity) and the [Microsoft.Extensions.Azure](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Extensions.Azure) packages in your project:
```
